Merged NuttX two debugging tutorials (#146)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/tutorials/advanced/nuttx/debugging/index.md

---

> title: Debugging a NuttX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Debugging a NuttX Application
```

Author: Done.

permalink: /docs/tutorials/advanced/nuttx/debugging/
author: Ingo Lütkebohle (merged by Tomasz Kołcon)
---

> This tutorial consists of 2 parts: debugging a NuttX target with GDB and OpenOCD and debugging with Visual Studio Code. The first one describes tools installation and debugging via command line. The second focuses on the description of debugging using the modern IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial consists of two parts: First, debugging a NuttX target with GDB and OpenOCD. This part covers tool installation and debugging via command line. Second, debugging with Visual Studio Code, i.e. using a modern IDE.
```

In my case, this is the NSH thread which is waiting for some input.

> ### Conclusion

Reviewer: I propose to remove the conclusion subsubsection here completely.
